hey guys I guess where we are now you
wouldn't guess have a chat but you
wouldn't guess you know toward
Disneyland so this is everything you
didn't even need to know you didn't know
better than whatever tumor I think it's
over ten nine one of them the murder
train apparently I don't believe it i
think is actually every night should the
sugar a veteran park operators well does
he wanted to have one entrance to his
work while many people are like no you
have to have a couple different
entrances so it's convenient he was like
no i don't want to listen to you the
reason was bought reckon he was able to
control the guests initial experience
into the park he wanted to have one inch
and so he like cool this is what I want
them to see when they first enter my
part I don't want him to have a bunch of
different entrances in love it confuses
things would happen it'll be weird since
opening day the park has only been
closed a few number of times where the
entire park is closed off and nobody can
go in a couple of these were mostly
weather-related however if you were
because of JFK's assassination and then
911 for the first decade or so there was
glass bowling here on Main Street in the
crystal arcade there was a man named
Bill Rasmussen and he would blow glass
in the front end apart inside here the
first arcade he would blow you know
figurines and things for example to buy
he was so popular that apparently they
had an episode of The Mickey Mouse Club
with him in it he retired and was
replaced but you know it wasn't this
popular so they took it out and now it's
just a shop well hold refer to the
Sleeping Beauty's castle is a weenie
because of his love of hot dogs he would
also refer to this two cast members and
things and be like hey we're gonna go to
the weenie this was because he felt that
hot dogs beckoned to you and you know be
like come here come here so you wanted
the castle to call forth to the guests
from Main Street and I have them come
forward towards the castle this might
small club for hot dogs who really loved
cheese grilled cheese grilled cheese was
his favorite food ever and so we wanted
the food of this
reflect that comfort food and he wanted
you to feel at home when you would sit
and eat here well because it was
extremely disappointed in amusement
parks which is why he wanted Dylan to be
a clean wholesome park and he wanted to
be kept up so every night words of
people come and replace batteries and
replace light bulbs and repaint
buildings so every single day gets to
get a completely clean part rumor has it
they replace the light bulbs even when
they reached eighty percent capacity
that way they never burn out doesn't 12
rumors began to swirl because parts of
the Caribbean was closed for
refurbishment they were saying that they
were maybe adding keira knightley
orlando bloom's character however you
know the truth is probably not as
stranger as fiction because they're
adding stranger tides they were adding
some black beard like hologram things
and then rumor has it they were adding
some roommates these would jump at the
boat and hiss however the budget was cut
or something and they were unable to put
any in however and Disney World is the
parts to Jeremy I apparently they put in
a Mermaid skeletons in one of the first
scenes and this woman they didn't do
anything cuz they don't let us
prior to this being food corner it was
called crocodile birkin top of it was
changed because they put in the Winnie
the Pooh ride well does he always have a
love of SF and shortly after his death
they had plan to put in an area here
called discovery bay however it never
came to fruition it would have had a
19th century style San Francisco with
the harbor complete with the Nautilus
submarine from play thousand leagues
under the sea or air shaped parked in a
hangar from the movie island on top of
the world I last the movie being a flop
island at the top of the world it
prevented the building of this because
nobody really was excited for it and
they decided that you know let's just
build big thunder you are a younger
gentleman that you're visiting Vince
Neil and make sure to go visit snow
white because she will kiss you you
would probably walk away with little red
cheek my little kiss marks on her for it
Bosley your Astro blasters was a ride
that was taking on Tokyo Disney and the
reason why they brought over here is
because they needed some attractions
that would spike have some real buzz for
the park no so 2015 is going to be
disciplined 60th anniversary rumor has
it they're going to try to give it
tomorrow and if Facebook brings new Star
Wars what's your oven
I don't like some guys oh you just watch
Lazar and ink leave a comment and tell
me what you think if you seem to like my
groove hit subscribe and improve your
mood so in the opinion of mine which is
the opinion of a professional Disney
goer I think that they should take this
area out which is the sky way to marlin
and make it into a fancy restaurant just
cuz it'd be cool